Introdution
===========
dmech stands for "D mechanics": it is a physics engine written in D that simulates motion of bodies and interactions between them. It handles both dynamics (motion due to external impact acting on the object) and kinematics (motion without external impact). This basically means that dmech can be used to model mechanical processes and situations with different degree of realism.

dmech deals with so-called rigid bodies - idealized objects that never deform. Such objects cannot exist in reality, but they can be used as an approximation for a wide variety of real world objects. 

Who is dmech for?
-----------------
dmech is a biased engine, which means that it tends to give visually believable result, rather than scientifically accurate one. It uses non-physical hacks to improve stability (e.g., velocity epsilon) and solve penetration problem (pseudo velocities). So it is more suitable for computer games than scientific simulations. 

Also dmech doesn't support any kind of continuous collision detection (collision detection at extreme velocities while keeping reasonable timestep). So if you are developing, for example, a fast paced racing or flying simulator, dmech probably will not suite your needs. But it is still good enough for any other type of game, especially first person shooters, being designed with game-style kinematics friendliness in mind.

If you need visually appealing combination of realistic behaviour and game-specific movement control, dmech alone can almost entirely cover it all. The engine, though, provides only the core tools for doing that - it expects the programmer to know what he is doing and what does he want to achieve. To get you started, we provide this series of tutorials that will give you a hint of using dmech for typical game tasks, such as controlling a character, jumping, ray casting, syncing with the graphics, etc.

Main Concepts
-------------
dmech is greatly inspired and in many ways similar to other existing physics engines. It has a common set of core concepts:

* Rigid body - abstract rigid body that is characterized by mass, inertia tensor, configuration (position and rotation), velocity, and a sum of acting forces. Rigid body can be dynamic (finite non-zero mass) and static (infinite mass). Static bodies usually don't move (yet actually they can be moved - in this case they behave like kinematic objects - e.g., unconstrained and force-insensitive).
* Geometry - abstract convex shape that is attached to rigid body. Geometry is defined solely by two functions - support function and inertia function. Thus the programmer (if he knows what he's doing) can extend the number of geometries supported by the engine. Currently dmech supports the following geometries: sphere, box, cylinder, cone, ellipsoid, triangle. The latter is used for triangle meshes (they are not normal geometries and handled separately).
* Shape component - this is our invention. It is a proxy object between rigid body and geometry. It stores data related to geometry's attachment to rigid body: mass contribution, position in body space, and a unique identifier for indexing in contact cache. Any rigid body can have several shape components (this makes possible creating composite structures such as a table). One geometry can be shared between multiple shape components.
* World - synonymous to a physical system: a portion of a universe that is being simulated. A world contains set of rigid bodies and constraints, performs integration steps, collision detection and collision response, and several other tasks.
* Constraint - a control structure that limits body movement in some way (removes one or more degrees of freedom). A simplest example is a distance constraint: it keeps bodies at some fixed distance from each other. dmech currently supports distance constraint, ball constraint, slider constraint, angle constraint, axis-angle constraint, and their combinations (prismatic constraint and hinge constraint).
* Solver - a mathematical apparatus that force bodies to satisfy constraints. Constraint solver is actually the heart of a physics engine. The term 'solver' originates from equation system solver, because a constrainted physical system can be seen mathematically as a system of equations and inequalities (more strictly speaking, a linear complementarity problem, LCP).
* Contact - a special form of constraint. It appears when collision (intersection) between two bodies is detected. Contact is described with point, normal, and penetration depth. In dmech, contact has also several other ancillary properties that optimize solving.
* Contact manifold - a set of contacts: a structure that precisely describes collision between two bodies. For example, when a box rests on a ground, there are 4 contacts in the manifold (one for each corner).
* Ray casting - ray-surface intersection test. In dmech, rays are finite-length, being actually not rays, but oriented line segments. dmech supports ray cast queries for everything involved in the simulation: static bodies, dynamic bodies, and triangle meshes. Ray casting is especially useful in game engines, where the common task is to know where bullet hits the world.

Further Reading
---------------
* [Basic Usage](/tutorials/001. Basic Usage.md)
* [Variable Time Step](/tutorials/002. Variable Time Step.md)
* [Character Movement](/tutorials/003. Character Movement.md)
* [Moving Platforms](/tutorials/004. Moving Platforms.md)
* [Rotating Platforms](/tutorials/005. Rotating Platforms.md)
* [Sensors](/tutorials/006. Sensors.md)
* [Vehicle Physics](/tutorials/007. Vehicle Physics.md)

