Variable Time Step
------------------

If you test your game/simulation on different systems, you will almost certainly note that it runs with different framerates, especially on slow computers or systems with Vsync turned off. The workaround seems easy: just multiply all the time-dependent variables (e.g., velocities) by the delta time, and you are done. However, this approach has some serious problems: if delta time is too big (due to I/O latency or some other lag), all the hell will break loose - simulation can explode, bodies will gain abnormal velocities, objects will tunnel through walls and floor. It is usually highly recommended not to update the physics with variable time step. So, what we sould do then?

The best practice is to update graphics and physics asynchronically. One way to achieve this is to run physics in a separate thread, but this brings up some serious headache with data sharing and mutexes. And on single-core machines running a second thread for physics will seriously affect performance. So it is better to update the physics in a same loop with the graphics using a simple real-time scheduler.

Start by defining a timer that will count time passed since the last integration step:

    double time = 0.0;

In the main game loop, add delta time to the timer. If it exceeds predefined fixed time step (say, 1/60 seconds, which is somewhat standard value), update the physics and subtract fixed time step from timer:

    while(running)
    {
        time += deltaTime;
        if (time >= fixedTimeStep)
        {
            time -= fixedTimeStep;
            world.update(fixedTimeStep);
        }
    
        // Draw the graphics
    }

This way the update rate of the physics is guaranteed to never exceed 1/fixedTimeStep. Remember to do all the interaction with the physics world inside this timer condition (this includes applying forces and impulses, character kinematics, etc.)
