Rotating Platforms
------------------
Rotating platforms are rarely seen in dynamics-based 3D games because with most physics engines they can't be implemented easily. However, they look very cool, and with dmech they are not so hard to do. 

Basically we have to extend our KinematicObject class to support manually setting angular velocity:

    void moveToPosition(Vector3f pos, double dt)
    {
        rbody.linearVelocity = (pos - rbody.position) / dt;
        rbody.position += rbody.linearVelocity * dt;

        rbody.orientation += 0.5f * Quaternionf(rbody.angularVelocity, 0.0f) * rbody.orientation * dt;
        rbody.orientation.normalize();

        rbody.updateShapeComponents();
    }

Now we need the character to gain total relative velocity from `floorBody` at the point he is standing on. This is a sum of linear velocity and a cross product of angular velocity and radius vector pointing from `floorBody` position to character body position. We do everything in `update` method of the `Character` class:

    if (onGround && floorBody && speed == 0.0f && jumpSpeed == 0.0f)
    {
        Vector3f relPos = rbody.position - floorBody.position;
        Vector3f rotVel = cross(floorBody.angularVelocity, relPos);
        if (!floorBody.dynamic)
        {
            rbody.linearVelocity = floorBody.linearVelocity;
            rbody.linearVelocity += rotVel;
        }
    }
    
As you can see, we apply received velocity only if standing on a static body (a platform). Removing this check will result in jerky movement on dynamic bodies, because they obviously also will have non-zero velocity. But it will also disallow movement of the character if he is standing on a stack of boxes, which are, in turn, move or rotate with the platform. So, whether to do this check or not, is up to you. As a possible tradeoff, you can check the character for an intersection with a bounding box of the 'platform space', inside which the character should receive motion from its `floorBody`. Instead of regular AABB, this can be a special type of bounding box that infinitely expands upwards, if you don't want to limit its height. This kind of test is a trivial thing to do, so I'll leave it for you.

You might also want to rotate the visual representation of your character according to the rotation of the platform. This heavily depends on how rotation are handled in your graphics engine. If, for example, you have a first person camera that is controlled with two rotation parameters, `turn` and `pitch`, things can be as easy as getting negative Y component of platform's angular velocity:

    if (onGround && floorBody && speed == 0.0f && jumpSpeed == 0.0f)
    {
        // ...
        
        turnFactor = -floorBody.angularVelocity.y;
    }
    
This, however, will only work with rotation about Y axis (which is actually enough in most cases).