Sensors
-------
While ray casting is a pretty cool and useful technique, it is not sufficient in some situations. Imagine yourself an outdoor game with a terrain: what do you think will happen, if the character walks upon a hill slope? The ray casted downwards from the character's center would not always hit the ground at the distance of `boundingSphereRadius` (as we expect when standing on a horizontal floor). Hence, testing for `onGround` would fail even if the character actually is still colliding with the terrain. As a result, he won't be able to jump! Furthermore, the character will slowly slide down the slope because of gravity (and we cannot simply turn the gravity off while standing, since our `onGround` gives wrong result). 

How can we overcome these terrible problems? Luckily dmech now supports a technique that comes to help here - sensors. A sensor is a `ShapeComponent` that acts like a ghost (some call it ghost object or phantom object): it reports collisions, but don't generate response for them (contacts don't get solved).

So we add a sensor at the bottom of our `rbody`:

    ShapeComponent groundSensor;
    
    // ...
    
    groundSensor = world.addSensor(rbody, sensorGeom, Vector3f(0.0f, -0.75f, 0.0f));

For a `sensorGeom`, I'm using a `GeomBox`. Finding a proper size and attach position for a box sensor is a bit tricky, they depend on the bounding geometry of the character. I used the box size of `(0.5f, 0.25f, 0.5f)` and attach position `(0.0f, -0.75f, 0.0f)`. For this  series of tutorials I use a sphere with radius of 1 as the character's bounding geometry.

I hope the idea is clear now: instead of casting a ray, we use `groundSensor` to detect collisions with the ground. This is ridiculously simple:

    bool checkOnGround()
    {
        if (groundSensor.numCollisions > 0)
            return true;
        else
            return false;
    }
    
Now we can safely turn off the gravity while standing on the ground, so that the character won't slide anymore:

    void update()
    {
        // ...
        
        onGround = checkOnGround();
        
        if (onGround)
            rbody.gravity = Vector3f(0.0f, -gravityMagnitude * 0.1f, 0.0f);
        else
            rbody.gravity = Vector3f(0.0f, -gravityMagnitude, 0.0f);
        
        // ...
    }

Note that we actually don't set `rbody.gravity` to zero - we just use smaller magnitude instead. `gravityMagnitude` is a tunable constant. For normal rigid body in Earth conditions it equals 9.8, but for the kinematic character you might want to set some higher value. I usually use 50.

Don't forget to turn on custom gravity for `rbody`:

    rbody.useOwnGravity = true;

Good news: this improved character controller automatically handles walking up and down the stairs! And you won't slide down while standing on them. At the same time you can't climb up if the slope is too steep - this is also achieved automatically. Isn't it cool?
